{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid602\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Things to do:\
1) Definition\
2) Overvirw: stakeholder\
3) Product functions\
4) User characteristics? Actors identifying\
5) Constraints\
6) Specific requirements: \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Product functions:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 In order to be considered functional, the system has to provide a set of key functionalities.\
These functionalities are either related to the administrative side of the taxi service or to the end users (which include taxi drivers and passengers). 
\b \

\b0 In particular, the system is expected to be able to: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Let the city administration insert and update the information about the taxis operating in the city.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Let the city administration define the division of the city in taxi zones, specify their boundaries and update them if needed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Let passengers to request a taxi\
{\listtext	\'95	}Let registered passengers to reserve a taxi for a specific date and time\
{\listtext	\'95	}Keep track of the zone in which every taxi is waiting\
{\listtext	\'95	}Keep track of the availability of each taxi\
{\listtext	\'95	}Allocate requests coming from a specific zone to taxis waiting in that zone following a FIFO policy\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
the system should keep track of the taxi drivers who have already refused a request. \
\
if all taxi drivers refuse a certain request, the system should notify the passenger that the request could not be fulfilled.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 User characteristics
\b0 \
In general, we do not expect the users of our system to be particularly tech-savvy. \
The main audience for which our system is intended comprises, in fact, customers coming from all levels of education.\
Taxi drivers are very expert of the dynamics of a traditional, non-technological taxi service and they expect the new system to fully comply with those dynamics without having to change their habits. They know, however, how to use a smartphone with reasonable proficiency. \
The city administration personnel has no specific technological background, apart from a generic introduction to the administrative tools they have to use. \
Passengers are considered to know enough technology to be able to use a smartphone and a web browser, but no further assumption on their level of expertise is possible. \
\
\

\b Actors identifying\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Guest passenger: a passenger that has not registered to the service yet. He can only decide to request a taxi for his current location, or to register in order to fully use the platform. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Registered passenger: a passenger that has registered to the service and has successfully logged in. Apart from the possibility to request a taxi, he can also reserve a taxi for a specific date and time and manage his personal information.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Guest taxi driver: a taxi driver that has not yet logged in. This user can only perform the login operation, which is required in order to access the full set of functionalities reserved for taxi drivers. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Logged in taxi driver: a taxi driver that has logged in. This user can mark himself as available or unavailable to receive requests; if available, he can receive, accept and refuse requests. He can also see what\'92s his current zone and his position in the corresponding taxi queue. Finally, he can review all his served requests.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Administrative personnel: the staff that configures the system with the taxi driver data and the zone division. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Mapping service: the linked system from which our platform will retrieve information about the estimated time of arrival of taxis from their location to the required pickup location.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Specific requirements / Non-functional reqs.\
External interface reqs: already done\
Performance requirements:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Since the system is expected to operate in a medium-large sized city, it has to offer a certain level of performance in order to be considered usable. Since no actual data is available for our particular city, the following figures have been estimated by considering the structure of existing taxi services in major cities in the world. \
In particular, the following requirements have to be met:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The system should support at least 10.000 overall taxi drivers, with the pessimistic assumption that all of them might be in service at the same time.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The system should support at least a million registered passengers.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The system should support at least 1000 concurrent taxi requests.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 The response time should be less than 1s for 95% of all transactions.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Design constraints\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Hardware constraints	\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 The mobile applications destined to taxi drivers and passengers should be designed taking into account the fact that only a fraction of our potential customers use a latest-generation smartphone. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b Standard compliance\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system has to store taxi license plates in a format that is compliant with the national laws governing license plates issuing. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system has to store taxi licenses and driving licenses accordingly to the national law.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system has to comply to the regulatory policies regarding taxi services. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Software system attributes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Reliability\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 In order to keep maintenance costs low, the system should offer a level of reliability such that no key component of the system should fail more than once every three years.
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Availability\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl1
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system is required to have an availability of 99.99%. This means that it\'92s considered acceptable to have a downtime of up to 1 hour every year due to malfunctioning of the system. This implies that, at the architectural level, the system has to include a certain level of replication of its hardware structures in order to overcome potential failures. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Security\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 The system should guarantee that only authorized taxi drivers are able to access and operate the mobile taxi driver application. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system should guarantee that only authorized administrative personnel can have access to the service management panel. Before confirming an update of the taxi zone division or of the taxi driver list, the system should require a password and perform a safety backup.\
\ls7\ilvl1
\b {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 For what concerns security of users\'92s data, passwords will have to be encrypted. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Portability\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 The system should be designed to be easily portable. In particular, the mobile side of the system should be coded using a programming language and a set of frameworks that can run on the major mobile platforms (iOS, Android) with the option of being easily portable on new ones, in order to anticipate for future market changes. No platform-dependent frameworks should be used while coding the mobile applications.}